Release PR (#12)
camaraproject/ShortMessageService: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog Short Message Service

> # v0.1.0 - Initial version

Reviewer: It's your very first release. Release will be number sequentially (r0.1, r0.2, ...)

```suggestion
# r0.1
```

> **Initial version of SMS.YAML and sms-delivery-notification-subscription.yaml.**

Reviewer: An "Initial" version within the [API Versioning](https://wiki.camaraproject.org/x/a4BaAQ) nomenclature will be later public-release versions 0.1.0 (after alpha and rc phase). Here you have the first alpha versions of that.
```suggestion
** This release contains the first alpha versions of SMS.YAML 0.1.0 and sms-delivery-notification-subscription.yaml 0.1.0**
```
